I'm Diana merkin and I'm going to show
you how to make a wonderful simple salad
using whole grains this is my
southwestern bean barley salad and we're
going to use this wonderful barley that
we cooked up I'm going to put a couple
of cups of chilled barley into my bowl
don't need to measure to carefully but a
couple of cups a cup of frozen corn and
you don't have to cook this just pour it
right out of the bag and a can of black
beans now in this case I've taken my
black beans and rinsed and drained them
because I want them to be nice and
pretty in the salad usually when I put
beans into a chili or a curry I just
store them straight from the can but
when you make a salad rinse and drain
your beans so that the salad looks
pretty now I've chopped up a red bell
pepper I'm adding that in and a nice
gedalia onion now I'm going to add some
chopped cilantro you can use parsley or
cilantro either one works just fine in
the salad I like the flavor of cilantro
because it gives that sort of Mexican
ethnic flavor but if you're one of the
people who doesn't like that flavor just
use playing parsley the green makes it
look particularly free now for seasoning
I'm going to use a little bit of chili
powder about a teaspoon again a mild
chili powder you could add a little zest
if you wanted but I'm going to keep it
pretty mild today and then my dressing
is just a plain light vinegar i'm using
rice vinegar which you can get in asian
markets or the Asian section of your
supermarket sometimes it's just in the
plane vinegar section about a quarter to
a half a cup you can do that to your
taste and then you just mix the salad up
and it's ready to serve if you want to
keep this it gets even better tasting if
you store it in your refrigerator and it
will keep for several days so this is a
wonderful salad to make a large quantity
of it for a picnic have it for supper
and then take it to work with you the
next day any of the salads that you've
made in the past using pasta you'll
probably find you can use with whole
grains it's a simple easy way to
incorporate whole grains into your daily
lifestyle to watch the other segments in
this video series or for how-to videos
on almost any other topic visit
monkey-see calm